

===== page-1.png =====
EXCLUSIVE SONGWRITER AGREEMENT
CP MUSIC GROUP, INC.
3341 Bloom St. West, Suite 77
Toronto, Ontario, Canada M8X 1E9
Dated: October 7, 2014
Dan Schofield,
p/k/a Danny Boy
1756 N Bayshore Dr., Unit 25G
Miami, Florida 33132
Dear Dan,

When you sign below under the words “Consented and agreed to,” and we sign
below under the words “Very truly yours,” the following will constitute a binding
agreement between you and us:

1. CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS
As used in this agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

1.1. “Universal” shall mean Universal Music Corp. and its music publishing
affiliates.

1.2 The “Universal Agreement” shall mean the agreement dated as of October
14, 2014 between us, on the one hand, and Universal, on the other hand, relating to
your services as a songwriter.

1.3 “Your Songs” shall mean (i) all of the musical works heretofore written by
you, alone or in collaboration with others, including, but not limited to, the musical works
identified on Exhibit A, but excluding those works rights in which are controlled by
Downtown Music Publishing, and (ii) all of the musical works written by you, alone or in
collaboration with others, during the term of this agreement (the “Term’).

2. TERM
2.1 The Term shall commence on the date of this agreement and shall end on
the last day of the term of the Universal Agreement.
1
357339.3 { \
101414


===== page-2.png =====
3. GRANT OF RIGHTS IN YOUR SONGS

3.1 You hereby grant, transfer and assign to us, throughout the world, in
perpetuity, a one hundred percent (100%) interest in and to Your Songs, all copyrights at
any and all times secured or existing therein, all rights and interests under copyright of
whatsoever nature or description therein and thereto, whether now or hereafter known or
in existence, all renewals, extensions and reversions of all copyrights therein, and any
and all claims and causes of action arising from or relating to Your Songs, whether known
or unknown to you. Without limiting the generality of the preceding sentence, it is
specifically understood that the rights granted by you to us in respect of Your Songs
include, but are not limited to, the sole and exclusive rights, throughout the world, in
perpetuity, to exercise, license and “administer” all rights of whatsoever kind or nature in
and to Your Songs, upon whatever terms we shall determine, to collect any and all
monies, royalties and fees derived from the exercise of all rights therein, excluding only
the so-called “writer's share” of royalties payable and becoming payable by performing
rights societies on account of public performances of Your Songs (“Writer Performance
Royalties,”) and to grant to Universal or any other third party any or all of the foregoing
rights.

3.2 We have advised you that we intend to grant, transfer and assign to
Universal some or all of the rights in Your Songs granted to us in the preceding
paragraph, upon such terms as we shall determine, and you hereby confirm and ratify our
authority to do so, and the validity of our assignment of such rights to Universal.

4. YOUR ROYALTIES

4.1. We shall credit to your account hereunder as royalties eighty percent (80%)
of the royalties we receive from Universal pursuant to the Universal Agreement
specifically related to the exploitation of Your Songs. We have advised you, and you
understand that, pursuant to the terms of the Universal Agreement, Universal will retain
for its own benefit fifty percent (50%) of the so-called “publisher's share” of all monies
derived from the exploitation of Your Songs, and you hereby consent to the foregoing.

4.2 Wehave advised you, and you understand that, we will receive “advances”
against royalties payable to us pursuant to the Universal Agreement, and that we
therefore shall not receive any royalties from Universal related to the exploitation of Your
Songs unless and until such time as the “advances” received by us thereunder from
Universal shall have been fully recouped, and you hereby consent to the foregoing. We
will, however, pay to you eighty percent (80%) of the “advances” paid to us by Universal
pursuant to the Universal Agreement, promptly following our receipt thereof, but subject to
any offsets we may have against you. We have advised you that, as of the date of this
agreement, we have no offsets against you. You acknowledge and confirm that payment
as provided in this paragraph and the preceding paragraph constitutes good and valuable
consideration for the rights granted by you to us in Your Songs.

2
357339.3 {
101414 \


===== page-3.png =====
4.3 If Universal ever assigns back to us any of its rights in Your Songs, then (i)
we shall credit to your account hereunder, as royalties, eighty percent (80%) of the net
monies, royalties and fees received by us in Canada, or credited to our account in
recoupment of prior advances, from our exploitation of Your Songs (but not Universal's),
but we shall not be obligated to pay you any portion of “advances” we may receive unless
those “advances” specifically relate to Your Songs, in which event we shall pay you eighty
percent (80%) thereof; and (ii) five (5) years after such assignment from Universal to us
occurs, we shall assign to you all of our rights in Your Songs, subject to a one-year
“collection” period. We have advised you, and you understand that, Universal shall in all
events retain an interest in Your Songs pursuant to the Universal Agreement, and you
hereby consent to the foregoing.

4.4 Inthe event that we conduct an audit of Universal's books and records
pursuant to the Universal Agreement, your account hereunder shall be credited with
eighty percent (80%) of the net monies actually received by us or credited to our
account as a result of such audit, after deducting “off the top” the actual, out-of-pocket,
costs and expenses incurred in connection with such audit (including auditors’ and
attorneys’ fees and expenses).

5. ROYALTY ACCOUNTINGS

5.1. Within ninety (90) days after the last day of each of our regular semi-
annual accounting periods in which we receive in the Canada either (i) monies in
respect of Your Songs, or (ii) an accounting statement reflecting that monies in respect
of Your Songs have been credited to our account in recoupment of prior advances, we
shall render statements to you and make payment to you of any and all royalties shown
to be due hereunder. All statements rendered hereunder shall be binding upon you,
and all objections thereto shall be irrevocably waived, unless (iii) we receive, within
three (3) years after the date the applicable statement shall have been rendered (the
“Objection Period,”) notice setting forth in detail the nature of your objection(s) to any
such statement, and (iv) suit is instituted with respect to any statement during the
applicable Objection Period. Accordingly, any applicable Statute of Limitations
providing for a longer time period in which to institute suit hereby is irrevocably waived
by you. As of the date of this agreement, our regular semi-annual accounting periods
end on June 30 and December 31, but we shall have the right to change those dates if
so disposed.

5.2 You shall have the right to appoint, at your sole expense, a Certified Public
Accountant (“Your Accountant”) to inspect only those of our books and records relating
to Your Songs, provided that such inspection occurs only once during any calendar year,
only once with respect to any statement or accounting period, and upon not less than
thirty (30) days prior notice to us. All such inspections shall take place at our offices
where such books and records are regularly kept, during regular business hours, and
shall not commence unless Your Accountant shall have executed and delivered to us a
customary agreement to preserve any confidential information disclosed by us to Your

3
357339.3 /
101414


===== page-4.png =====
Accountant during the course of the inspection. For the avoidance of doubt, it is
specifically understood that Your Accountant shall have no right to inspect any books
and records (i) of Universal, or (ii) relating to any statement (or corresponding accounting
period) for which the Objection Period has expired.

5.3. We may, if so disposed, send you, or have sent to you, copies of royalty
accountings we receive from Universal, or any succeeding administrator of rights in Your
Songs, in lieu and instead of rendering accountings to you pursuant to paragraph 5.1.

6. USE OF YOUR NAME AND LIKENESS

6.1 Weand our each and every successor, assign and licensee, including,
but not limited to, Universal, shall have the right, throughout the world, in perpetuity, to
use and authorize others to use your name, approved photographs, simulations and
likenesses of you, and approved biographical material relating to you, in publicizing,
advertising, exploiting, distributing and selling Your Songs and our and their catalogs of
musical works.
ie YOUR OBLIGATIONS AND RESTRICTIONS; POWER OF ATTORNEY

7.1. During the Term, you shall not create, or dispose of any musical works or
any rights or interests therein whatsoever (“Musical Material”), other than for and to us.
Any purported assignment by you of any Musical Material created by you during the Term
to anyone other than us, or any purported agreement entered into by you for the creation,
during the Term, of Musical Material on a “work for hire” basis, shall be void from
inception.

7.2 You covenant to execute and deliver to us, promptly upon our reasonable
request, any and all further documents for the purpose of perfecting and confirming in
us, Our successors, assigns and licensees, any and all rights and interests in and to
Your Songs and any and all copyrights therein, and you hereby nominate and appoint
us, and our each and every successor, assign and licensee, and the officers and
designees of each, your true and lawful attorney to make, execute and deliver any and
all such documents in your name and on your behalf, this power being coupled with an
interest and irrevocable for any cause or in any event. Without limiting the generality of
the preceding sentence, you specifically acknowledge that we may execute, in your
name and on your behalf, so-called “short form” assignments of rights in Your Songs to
us and to Universal.

8. YOUR WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS AND INDEMNIFICATION

OBLIGATION

8.1. You warrant and represent that you have the full right, power and
authority to enter into this agreement and to grant, transfer and assign to us all rights
in Your Songs as herein provided, free and clear of any and all adverse rights,
interests, claims and encumbrances; that Your Songs are and will be original and do

4
357339.3
101414


===== page-5.png =====
not and will not violate, infringe, or unfairly compete with any common law or statutory
rights of others; and that we will not be obligated for any payment or incur any liability
in respect of Your Songs, other than for the payments specified in this agreement.

8.2 You shall indemnify us, Universal, and our and Universal's each and every
successor, assign and licensee, and our and their respective officers, directors, parents,
affiliates, subsidiaries, agents and representatives (collectively, the “Indemnified Parties,”)
from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, costs, expenses and
disbursements of any kind or nature (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’
fees and litigation costs) whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted
against the Indemnified Parties by a third party in any way arising from or relating to (i)
your breach or alleged breach of this agreement, (ii) any claim inconsistent with any of
your warranties and representations set forth in this agreement, or (iii) Your Songs.

8.3. In the event that any claim or demand is made in respect of which the
Indemnified Parties are entitled to be indemnified by you pursuant to paragraph 8.2 (an
“Adverse Claim,”) the Indemnified Parties shall have the right to withhold from any
monies payable or becoming payable to you under this agreement an amount
reasonably related to the value of the Adverse Claim including, but not limited to, the
anticipated costs and attorneys’ fees, until either an action shall have been brought by
such claimant and the Adverse Claim shall have been finally adjudicated by a court of
competent jurisdiction, or until a period of one (1) year shall have expired from the date
we shall have received notice of the Adverse Claim if no action shall have been brought
thereon during such one (1) year period and if no further communication shall have
been received by us during such one (1) year period reasserting the applicable Adverse
Claim. The Indemnified Parties shall have the right, in their sole and absolute
discretion, to employ counsel in respect of any and all Adverse Claims and to defend
any and all actions arising from or relating to any and all Adverse Claims as they, in
their sole and absolute discretion, deem advisable, and to compromise and settle all
Adverse Claims, before or after suit, upon such terms as they, in their sole and absolute
discretion, deem advisable, and be fully indemnified therefor by you.

9. RIGHT OF ASSIGNMENT

9.1 We shall have the right to assign Your Songs, this agreement, and any and

all rights acquired by us hereunder.

9.2 Any purported assignment by you of any of your rights or obligations

hereunder shall be void from inception. You may, if so disposed, and not more that

once during any three (3) year period, assign your royalties hereunder to an entity

owned or controlled by you, but such entity shall not be a third party beneficiary of this

agreement.

5

357339.3 \
101414 {


===== page-6.png =====
10. CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE

10.1 This agreement shall be deemed to have been made in the State of New
York and shall be construed under the laws of the State of New York applicable to
agreements made and wholly performed therein, without regard to “choice of law”
principles. Any legal action or proceeding arising from or relating to this agreement
must be brought in the federal or state courts located in New York County, New York
(the “New York Courts”) and not in any other court or jurisdiction. You irrevocably waive
any objection that you may now have, or hereafter may have, to the venue of any such
action or proceeding in the New York Courts or that such action or proceeding was
brought in an inconvenient court, and covenant not to plead or claim the same. Service
of process in any such action or proceeding may be made in the manner specified in
this agreement for notices hereunder, or in any other manner permitted by law.

11. MISCELLANEOUS

11.1. You acknowledge and confirm that Your Songs and your services as an
author of musical works are unique, exceptional and extraordinary and cannot be
replaced, and that in the event of the breach by you of any of the material terms,
covenants or conditions of this agreement, we and all parties in interest through us shall
be entitled to injunctive relief in addition to all other rights and remedies.

11.2 The waiver by you or by us, or by any other party in interest through you
or us, of any of the terms or conditions of this agreement in any one or more instances
shall not thereafter be deemed a continuing waiver thereof, the same to thereafter
remain and continue in full force and effect.

11.3. We shall have the right, but not the obligation, to enforce all claims and
to commence and prosecute actions against (i) Universal, based upon the Universal
Agreement, or (ii) third parties based upon alleged infringements or other violations
by third parties of your or our rights in Your Songs (“Claims Against Third Parties’).

All decisions concerning the prosecution and, if applicable, the resolution of Claims
Against Third Parties shall be made by us in our sole and absolute discretion. You
covenant to cooperate with us and our attorneys in connection with the prosecution of
Claims Against Third Parties. You and we shall jointly be entitled to a share of the
net sums, if any, actually received by us from the resolution of Claims Against Third
Parties in an amount equal to your and our proportionate royalty interests in the
applicable Your Songs, and your share thereof shall be credited to your account as
royalties hereunder. “Net sums” shall mean the monies actually received by us, less
our actual out-of-pocket costs including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees
and litigation costs.
6
357339.3
101414


===== page-7.png =====
11.4 Descriptive headings used in this agreement are for convenience only and
shall not control or affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this
agreement.

11.5 This agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties, and
cannot be changed, modified, amended, cancelled or terminated except by an express
written instrument signed by you and by our duly authorized officer. All prior and
contemporaneous conversations, negotiations, memoranda, “term sheets”, agreements,
alleged agreements, representations, covenants and warranties concerning the subject
matter of this agreement are merged herein. This is a fully integrated agreement.

11.6 You shall not be entitled to recover damages by reason of any breach or
claimed breach of this agreement by us unless you shall first have delivered notice to us,
specifying in detail the nature of the breach or claimed breach, and we shall have failed
to cure the breach within thirty (30) days following our receipt of that notice.

11.7. All notices hereunder (“Contract Notices”) must be in writing and must be
sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or overnight courier (such
as Federal Express), to the addresses shown on the first page of this agreement, or to
such other address or addresses as may be designated by either party. Contract
Notices to us must be addressed to our President, and a copy of each Contract Notice
to us must be sent to Kenneth R. Meiselas, Esq., Grubman Shire & Meiselas, P.C., 152
West 57" Street, New York, New York 10019. We shall endeavor to send copies of all
Contract Notices to your attorney, Matt Buser, Esq., 425 NE 22" Street, Suite 1103,
Miami, Florida 33137, but our inadvertent non-repetitive failure to do so shall not limit
the effectiveness of the applicable Contract Notice(s).Contract Notices shall be effective
when sent, except that any Contract Notice concerning change of address shall be
effective only from the date of its receipt.

11.8 This agreement shall not be binding upon us unless and until it shall have
been executed by you and by an officer duly authorized to execute this agreement on our
behalf.

11.9 Your indemnification obligations hereunder, and our obligation to account for
royalties hereunder, shall remain in full force and effect following the expiration of the
Term.

11.10 All references herein to paragraphs shall refer to paragraphs of this
agreement, and all references to Exhibits shall refer to the Exhibits annexed to this
agreement, all of which shall constitute a part of this agreement.

11.11 This agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the
same document. Facsimile or .pdf signatures shall be deemed to have the same force
and effect as original signatures.

7
3573393 ‘
101414


===== page-8.png =====
11.12 YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND CONFIRM THAT WE HAVE (i) ADVISED YOU
TO RETAIN INDEPENDENT COUNSEL, SELECTED BY YOU, TO REPRESENT YOU IN
CONNECTION WITH YOUR EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT, AND (ii) NOT MADE
ANY REPRESENTATION OR INDUCEMENT TO YOU TO ENTER INTO THIS
AGREEMENT. YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WE HAVE NO OBLIGATION
TO COMMERCIALLY EXPLOIT YOUR SONGS, AND THAT WE HAVE MADE NO
REPRESENTATION TO YOU CONCERNING THE EXPLOITATION OF YOUR SONGS.
Very truly yours,
CP MUSIC GROUP, INC.
By: eS ————oe
Consented and agreed to: /
Ca
Dan Schofield, p/k/a
Danny Boy
8
357339.3
101414
